>T1
Comparative Genomic and Protein Sequence Analyses ... - NCBI - NIHMolecular machinery governing bacterial chemotaxis consists of the CheA-CheY ... The availability of genome sequence data for hundreds of organisms .... In order to cluster related protein sequences, phylogenetic trees can be built from a ...Comparative genomic and protein sequence analyses of ... - NCBI - NIHComparative genomic and protein sequence analyses of a complex system controlling ... Molecular machinery governing bacterial chemotaxis consists of the ... functions from raw genomic data based on available experimental evidence.[PDF] TEST QUERIES T1. Find protein sequencing data related to bacterial ...Find protein sequencing data related to bacterial chemotaxis across all databases. T2. Search for data of all types related to MIP-2 gene related to biliary atresia.cheW - Chemotaxis protein CheW - Escherichia coli (strain K12 ...Involved in the transmission of sensory signals from the chemoreceptors to the flagellar motors. ... chemotaxis proteins) to allow regulated phosphotransfer to CheY and CheB. ... Sequence ..... Bacteria. COG0835. LUCA. The HOGENOM Database of Homologous Genes ..... Index of Protein Data Bank (PDB) cross-references ...CheA protein, a central regulator of bacterial chemotaxis, belongs ...During bacterial chemotaxis, the binding of stimulatory ligands to ... During bacterial chemotaxis, receptor proteins at the cell ... The amino acid sequence of CheY indicates that this ... product of cheA is a 73,000 Mr protein that is similar to the family of ... EMBL/GenBank data base (Bolt,Beranek, and Newman Labora- tories ...Different Evolutionary Constraints on Chemotaxis Proteins CheW and ...In various bacterial and archaeal species, the cheW and cheY genes are usually ... changes in these two proteins from distantly related proteobacterial species, ... Detailed protein sequence analysis of CheW and CheY homologs from the two .... observed upon addition of other repellents and attractants (data not shown).Making sense of it all: bacterial chemotaxis : Article : Nature Reviews ...Genome sequencing has identified over 600 HAP systems and some .... Bacterial chemotaxis is the biasing of movement towards regions that contain higher .... The relevant Protein Data Bank accession numbers are: maltose-binding protein ...Two-Component Signaling Systems... and Protein Sequence Analyses of a Complex System Controlling Bacterial Chemotaxis ... The availability of genome sequence data for hundreds of organisms ... of this system using comparative genomics and protein sequence analysis. ... of the chemotaxis signal transduction system, provides information on relevant ...Emerging Trends in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, and ...Human protein–protein interaction prediction by a novel sequence-based co-evolution ... by using rigid-body docking tools: application to bacterial chemotaxis. ... Data classification with radial basis function networks based on a novel kernel ...Use Cases we should fill · Issue #22 · OmicsDI/specifications · GitHubMar 14, 2017 - Find protein sequencing data related to bacterial chemotaxis across all ... Search for data of all types related to bacterial chemotaxis with ...

>T2
Aetiology of biliary atresia: what is actually known? - NCBI - NIHAug 29, 2013 - Biliary atresia (BA) is a rare disease of unknown etiology and unpredictable ... So of the range of possible bile duct development genes (see later); CFC-1 ... A similar North American study of split bilirubin levels in 31 infants ..... Major histocompatibility complex; MIP2: Macrophage inflammatory protein; ...Macrophages are targeted by rotavirus in experimental biliary atresia ...Biliary atresia is an obstructive cholangiopathy of unknown etiology. ... Most notably, addition of anti-Mip2/Cxcl2 antibodies depleted this chemokine in the ... of the hepatic gene expression profile identified a prominent pro-inflammatory signature (5). ..... The injury by inflammatory cells might relate to the recognition of viral ...Cholangiocyte secretion of chemokines in experimental biliary atresiaIn vivo, increased levels of the chemokines MIP-2, MCP-1, KC and RANTES were ... increasing amounts of these same chemokines in relation to dose and time. ... of biliary atresia is unknown, potential causes include a genetic abnormality, ...Biliary Atresia: New Insights for the Healthcare Professional: 2011 ...contributes to intrahepatic cholestasis and liver damage in murine biliary atresia ... of biliary atresia, early changes in hepatobiliary transport are mainly related to ... gene expression of canalicular and basolateral hepatobiliary transporters and ... in experimental biliary atresia and induce neutrophil chemotaxis by mip2/cxcl2 ...Low doses of CMV induce autoimmune-mediated and ... - NatureDec 22, 2014 - biliary atresia (BA) and that the decreased regulatory T cell (Treg) percentage ... Th1-related genes (TNF-a), IFN-g-activated genes (STAT-1) and Th1 cytokines (TNF-a, .... tactin, IL-12p40 and MIP А 1g) were identified in this mouse ..... CD25 antibody or 20 mg isotype-matched IgG antibody within 2 weeks.Methylation Microarray Studies Highlight PDGFA Expression as a ...Mar 24, 2016 - Biliary atresia (BA) is a progressive fibro-inflammatory disorder that is the ... DNA methylation relative to disease- and non-disease controls, supporting a potential ... Although there is evidence implicating genetic [1], infectious [2], ..... mouse model, including IL-12 [29], MCP-1 (CD46), MIP-2 (CXCL2), TNFα, ...Surgical Care of Major Newborn Malformations(1997) New aspects in a murine model for extrahepatic biliary atresia. ... gene is associated with biliary atresia and idiopathic neonatal cholestasis. ... biliary atresia and induce neutrophil chemotaxis via Mip2/Cxc12. Pediatr Res 67: 345-351.MacSween's Pathology of the Liver E-Book - Google Books ResultHLA and cytokine gene polymorphisms in biliary atresia. Liver. ... in experimental biliary atresia and induce neutrophil chemotaxis by Mip2/Cxc12. Pediatr Res.Gene expression signature for biliary atresia and a role for interleukin8 ...Jan 28, 2014 - Biliary atresia (BA) is a progressive fibroinflammatory obstruction of extrahepatic bile ducts that ... liver-restricted increase in IL8 was relevant to disease pathogenesis, we inactivated the signaling of IL8 .... tion of genes whose expression differed by 2-fold ...... neutrophil chemotaxis by mip2/cxcl2. Pediatr ...Use Cases we should fill · Issue #22 · OmicsDI/specifications · GitHubMar 14, 2017 - Search for data of all types on cheA gene related to bacterial ... of all types related to MIP-2 gene related to biliary atresia across all databases.

>T3
Tumor Protein 53-Induced Nuclear Protein 1 Enhances p53 Function ...Jump to TP53INP1 Functions as a Tumor Suppressor and Induces Apoptosis ... - ... to activate TP53INP1 gene ... compared to fibroblasts without p53 ...Down-expression of tumor protein p53-induced nuclear protein 1 in ...TP53INP1 protein negativity is significantly associated with aggressive ... Tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1 (TP53INP1) is a p53-inducible gene .... involve many types of genes that need to be activated or inactivated in order to ...Oncogene - TP53INP1 is a novel p73 target gene that induces cell ...Jul 25, 2005 - Contrary to p53, p73 mutations are infrequently associated with human ..... Transcription of the TP53INP1 gene is strongly activated by p53 ...Tumor Protein p53-Induced Nuclear Protein 1 (TP53INP1) in ...Context The tumor protein p53-induced nuclear protein 1 (TP53INP1) gene was ... This study investigated TP53INP1 gene expression and its relationship with p53 ... of the TP53INP1 gene, and TP53INP1 mRNA expression is activated in cells ...TP53INP1 Gene - GeneCards | T53I1 Protein | T53I1 AntibodyTP53INP1 (Tumor Protein P53 Inducible Nuclear Protein 1) is a Protein Coding gene. ... In response to cellular stress or activation of autophagy, relocates to ...p53 - WikipediaTumor protein p53, also known as p53, cellular tumor antigen p53 (UniProt name), phosphoprotein p53, tumor suppressor p53, antigen NY-CO-13, ...Diagnostic, Prognostic and Therapeutic Value of Gene SignaturesLack of transcriptional transactivation by p53, deletion or CpG methylation ... The stress-induced gene TP53INP1 is downregulated in pancreatic cancer [103]. ... invasion, and chemoresistance to gemcitabine compared with control cells, and ...WikiGenes - TP53INP1 - tumor protein p53 inducible nuclear protein 1Activation of Glucosidase via Stress-Induced Polymerization Rapidly Increases Active ... TP53INP1 protein negativity is significantly associated with aggressive ... Assignment of tumor protein p53 induced nuclear protein 1 (TP53INP1) gene to ...Genome-scale Transcriptional Analysis of Megakaryocytic Cell ...Among the Mk p53 target genes identified, BBC3, TP53I3, and TP53INP1 were ... is associated with both cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis upon p53 activation.169 ...TP53INP1 - Tumor protein p53-inducible nuclear protein 1 - Homo ...In response to cellular stress or activation of autophagy, relocates to autophagosomes where ... Tumor protein p53-inducible nuclear protein 1. Gene. TP53INP1.

>T4
Oxidative stress as a crucial factor in liver diseases - NCBI - NIHJul 7, 2014 - Moreover, monitoring oxidative markers among hepatocytes offers the ... within the human body, such as during ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) of the liver. .... Thus, the correlation between oxidative stress and inflammation in the ...Reactive oxygen and mechanisms of inflammatory liver injury: Present ...The mechanism of ROS-induced cell killing during inflammation involves the ... stress in hepatocytes leading mainly to oncotic necrosis and less apoptosis. ... Hepatitis/pathology; Humans; Inflammation Mediators/metabolism*; Liver/immunology; Liver/metabolism*; Liver/pathology; Liver Regeneration; Oxidative Stress* ...Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Hepatic Diseases: Therapeutic ...Dec 18, 2015 - Oxidative stress (OS) and inflammation are the most important pathogenetic .... (rats, mice and human hepatocytes) and in humans that evaluated the .... During inflammation, the cells of the immune system, among which mast ...Insights into the Role and Interdependence of Oxidative Stress and ...Dec 14, 2016 - Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Hepatic Lesion .... inflammatory cytokine production is dependent on cell type, while NF-κB signaling ..... that activated human HSCs during chronic inflammation induced mature peripheral ...Mitochondrial metabolism mediates oxidative stress and inflammation ...Nov 16, 2015 - During nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), mitochondria also produce ROS that ... and hence contributes to oxidative stress and inflammation during NAFLD. ... Hepatocytes/pathology; Humans; Inflammation/metabolism ...Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Oxidative Stress in Cell Fate ...During oxidative protein folding in the ER, the thiol groups on cysteines of substrate ... between ER stress and oxidative stress causes multiple human pathologies, which .... cellular redox status, hypoxia, ER stress, inflammation, immune responses, ..... During the pathogenesis of NAFLD, accumulation of lipid in hepatocytes ...The Role of Oxidative Stress and Antioxidants in Liver DiseasesNov 2, 2015 - Moreover, systemic oxidative stress arising during liver disease can also cause .... Nimesulide, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, could increase the ... Moreover, models using human cells have been attempted to mimic ...Melatonin, Neuroprotective Agents and Antidepressant TherapyDue to the previous research, in the human liver, melatonin was detected in a ... role in inducing inflammatory genes during oxidative stress in hepatocytes.Oxidative Stress and Digestive Diseases... by Kupffer cells and priming of neutrophils during reperfusion after hepatic ischemia. ... sinusoidal glutathione efflux during endotoxin-induced oxidant stress in vivo. ... transmigration in murine models of liver and peritoneal inflammation. ... gene expression of the neutrophil chemotactic factor/IL-8 in human hepatocytes.Oxidative Stress and Inflammation: Essential Partners in Alcoholic ...Dec 19, 2011 - While oxidative stress and inflammatory responses are studied .... Primary hepatocytes and rat hepatoma cells when treated with ethanol led to an ... stress, homocysteine, was increased in alcoholic human subjects leading to ...

>T5
[PDF] here - bioCADDIESearch for gene expression data regarding memory augmentation studies across ... for gene expression and genetic deletion data that mention CD69 in memory.[PDF] TEST QUERIES T1. Find protein sequencing data related to bacterial ...Search for gene expression and genetic deletion data that mention CD69 in memory augmentation studies across all databases. T6. Search for data of all types ...Use Cases we should fill · Issue #22 · OmicsDI/specifications · GitHubMar 14, 2017 - Search for gene expression and genetic deletion data that mention CD69 in memory augmentation studies across all databases. Search for ...Laboratory Investigation - T-lymphocyte homing: an underappreciated ...Mar 27, 2017 - Importantly, emerging data now implicates defects in Teff cell homing ... gleaned from only a sparse cohort of studies interrogating the TIL or ACTeff .... Conversely, CD69 binding to S1PR1 down-modulates S1PR1 expression and can ..... and also harboring genetic deletions of FTIV and VII required for the ...Asymmetric cell division in T lymphocyte fate diversification - NCBI - NIHOct 20, 2015 - Differentiation into CD4+ and CD8+ T cell effector and memory fates is driven, .... Single-cell gene expression analyses of activated CD8+ T cells at sequential ... full extent of its role in cell fate specification, the currently available data suggest that ..... Augmentation in expression of activation-induced genes ...Adenosine Kinase: Exploitation for Therapeutic Gain - NCBI - NIHIt is therefore more likely that the Adk gene drives the expression of a stable long-term ... of deletion mutants derived from cultured Chinese hamster cells and data .... Studies from T. gondii, in which ADK was crystallized both as apo-enzyme ..... Indeed, the constitutive genetic disruption of the Adk gene in mice (Boison et al., ...Augmentation in Expression of Activation-Induced Genes ...measure gene expression of human memory and naive CD4. +. T cells at ... T cells expressed similar numbers of genes at rest and after activation. ..... naive CD4 T cells after anti-CD3 stimulation (data not shown). Af- ter anti-CD3/CD28 stimulation, the kinetics of CD69 expression was ..... genes, will require further studies.B1 Lymphocytes and Myeloid Dendritic Cells in Lymphoid Organs Are ...Significant MVMp gene expression was detected in lymphoid tissues from infected ... Apart from the late deletion of cytotoxic memory cells (CD8+ CD44+ ... T antigen (PymT)-transformed endothelial cell implants (termed H5V cells), we showed that ... The data obtained confirm that draining lymph nodes are a major site of ...PDF(1277K) - Wiley Online LibraryMay 30, 2001 - Contents. W 1.7 Rearrangement of antigen receptor genes . ... W 2.23 Mechanisms of memory induction and maintenance . ... (T early alpha) heterozygous deletion, we observed the disruption of .... the expression of germline Vβ transcripts in mutant DP cells was ...... including CD40L, CD69 and CD71.Mucosal immunity | Memory Reactivation | Page 2Feb 4, 2012 - The studies on human population infected with or exposed to HIV have brought the .... Del-1 deletion seemed to augment the local Th17 response as Del-1 ... this publication contains data on how genetic background that underlies ..... Data indicate that CD69 expression on OVA transgenic CD4 T cells from ...

>T6
LDL Receptor Polymorphisms and the Risk of Coronary Heart Disease ...The contribution of common variants in the LDLR gene to CHD risk has been .... in genes affecting LDL and HDL cholesterol are associated with CVD in white ...Genetics of Human Cardiovascular Disease - NCBI - NIHTo discover genes for CVD and its risk factors in humans, two major ... the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) gene in a patient with homozygous familial ...LDLR gene - Genetics Home ReferenceLDLR gene. low density lipoprotein ... The LDLR gene provides instructions for making a protein called a low-density lipoprotein receptor. ... Related Information.Familial Hypercholesterolemia and Coronary Heart Disease: A HuGE ...Sep 1, 2004 - Mutations in the low density lipoprotein receptor gene (LDLR) can result ... gender are strongly associated with coronary heart disease risk, with ...(LDLR) rs2228671 Polymorphism and Coronary Heart DiseaseApr 22, 2014 - Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a complex disease caused by an ... LDLR gene mutations can lead to deficiency or abnormality of LDLR in ...Mechanisms of Disease: genetic causes of familial ... - NatureCorrelate clinical factors with genetic disorders associated with familial ... in the arterial wall, thereby increasing the risk of premature coronary heart disease (CHD). ... hypercholesterolemia due to mutations in the LDL-receptor gene (LDLR).LDL Receptor and Its Role in Inherited DiseaseMutations in LDLR, the gene encoding the LDL receptor, cause familial ... accumulation of LDL in the circulation increases the risk of coronary heart disease. ... A dominant form of FH is caused by gain‐of‐function mutations in PCSK9, which ...LDLR Gene - GeneCards | LDLR Protein | LDLR AntibodyComplete information for LDLR gene (Protein Coding), Low Density Lipoprotein Receptor, ... Diseases associated with LDLR include Hypercholesterolemia, Familial and ...... Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Plaque build-up in arteries.Learn How the LDL Receptor Helps To Control Cholesterol LevelsJul 23, 2014 - A mutation in the LDL receptor gene can result in elevated cholesterol. ... FH can lead to early cardiovascular disease and heart attacks at a young age. ... control cholesterol levels due to FH and malfunctioning LDL receptors.Familial hypercholesterolemia - WikipediaFamilial hypercholesterolemia is a genetic disorder characterized by high cholesterol levels, ... People who have one abnormal copy (are heterozygous) of the LDLR gene may develop cardiovascular disease prematurely at the age of 30 .... The plasma LDL levels are inversely related to the activity of LDL receptor (LDLR).

>T7
[PDF] Link to test queries - bioCADDIESearch for gene expression datasets on photo transduction and regulation of calcium in blind D. melanogaster. T8. Search for proteomic data related to ...Analysis of the Otd-dependent transcriptome supports the evolutionary ...Jan 31, 2008 - We have used global gene expression analysis in late pupal heads to better .... the Drosophila melanogaster genome (DrosGenome1) from Affymetrix, Santa ... in phototransduction, expressed in the eye, and/or regulated by circadian ..... In the case of the calcium-activated potassium channel Slo and its ...Transcriptome analysis of the planarian eye identifies ovo as a specific ...Aug 2, 2012 - To obtain pure eye tissue for gene expression analysis, we ... We conclude that transcript levels in the RNA-seq dataset can be highly predictive of gene expression in vivo. ... calcium regulation, which are involved in phototransduction in .... In gene regulatory networks involved in Drosophila and vertebrate ...Cell Death and Differentiation - Isolation of gene sets affected ... - NatureApr 29, 2005 - (d) Expression profile derived from polyQ-expressing flies compared to control flies ... phototransduction pathway, including the light-activated calcium channels, ... downregulation of other Ca2 +-homeostasis and mobilization genes ... and through such manipulation of data sets many potential regulators of ...Phosphorylation of the Drosophila Transient Receptor Potential Ion ...Sep 9, 2013 - Members of the phototransduction cascade are tethered to the inactivation no ... Expression of a truncated rhodopsin protein lacking the putative ... The following strains and mutants of Drosophila melanogaster were used: w Oregon R, ..... Our data suggest that regulation of most TRP phosphorylation sites ...Control of Daily Transcript Oscillations in Drosophila by Light and the ...Mar 24, 2006 - Transcript profiles of wild-type and arrhythmic mutant Drosophila .... and circadian regulation of gene expression. .... expanded LD ю DD (8 ю 9 d) dataset (upper right panel) is clearly ..... in clock-bearing cells, and phototransduction in the light- ..... for trpl, which encodes a light-activated calcium channel.Use Cases we should fill · Issue #22 · OmicsDI/specifications · GitHubMar 14, 2017 - Search for gene expression datasets on photo transduction and regulation of calcium in blind D. melanogaster. Find data of all types related to ...CRYPTOCHROME-mediated phototransduction by modulation of the ...Feb 17, 2015 - Mammals express six Kvβ genes, whereas Drosophila expresses a single ... CRY- and opsin-mediated phototransduction pathways contribute to the .... and SOD2, expressed in mitochondria) regulate the redox environment .... Hk also coassembles with D. melanogaster EAG-family Kvα subunits (32, 33).Interactive Fly, Drosophila - Society for Developmental BiologyNov 21, 2016 - Spatio-temporal pattern of cells expressing the clock genes period and timeless .... Thus, the temporal expression of per and tim are regulated differentially in different neurons. ...... To determine whether the mating activity of D. melanogaster ..... (trpl and CdsA) encode known regulators of phototransduction.[PDF] Optical Imaging and Control of Genetically Designated Neurons in ...sensors of neuronal activity (reporting calcium increase, neurotrans- .... that gene expression patterns have something ... elements to regulate expression (Awatramani et al. ... picture. If well-defined connectivity, interindivid- ual invariance, and identifiable ... synaptic activity in the antennal lobe of Drosophila melanogaster.

>T8
[PDF] here. - bioCADDIESearch for data types x and y related to the same biological process z. 2. Search for data .... proteomic data related to regulation of calcium in blind. D. melanogaste r. Analysis of ... study in D. melanogaster used a reporter gene driven by a.[PDF] TEST QUERIES T1. Find protein sequencing data related to bacterial ...Search for data of all types related to MIP-2 gene related to biliary atresia across all databases. T3. Search for all ... Search for proteomic data related to regulation of calcium in blind D. melanogaster. T9. Search for data of all types related to ...Studying circadian rhythms in Drosophila melanogaster - NCBI - NIHJan 9, 2014 - Drosophila melanogaster has been a model organism of choice to ... and uncovering the mechanisms involved in their generation, regulation and ..... It is essential to normalize data to a constantly expressed mRNA or protein control to ..... Hall JC, Stanewsky R. The circadian clock of fruit flies is blind after ...Phospholipase C Rescues Visual Defect in norpA Mutant of ...Jun 2, 1995 - Mutations in the norpA gene of Drosophila melanogaster severely affect the light-evoked photoreceptor potential with strong mutations rendering the fly blind. ... IP3 elicits the release of calcium from intracellular stores, and ... of the norpA gene has shown that it encodes a protein that is similar in structure ...Unfolded Protein Response-regulated Drosophila Fic (dFic) Protein ...Dec 26, 2014 - Unfolded Protein Response-regulated Drosophila Fic (dFic) Protein ... AMPylation is a posttranslational modification involving a covalent ... Drosophila melanogaster Schneider 2 (S2) cells were grown according to standard protocols (41). .... UniProtKB D. melanogaster whole proteome sequence database, ...Emerging evidence for functional peptides encoded by short ... - NatureFeb 11, 2014 - The Tal peptides and regulation of Ovo in Drosophila melanogaster. .... SwePep, a database designed for endogenous peptides and mass ... Deep proteome coverage based on ribosome profiling aids mass spectrometry-based protein ..... chromosomal mapping, and aberrant expression in blind-sterile ...Emerging evidence for functional peptides encoded by short ... - NatureFeb 11, 2014 - The Tal peptides and regulation of Ovo in Drosophila melanogaster. .... SwePep, a database designed for endogenous peptides and mass spectrometry. ... Deep proteome coverage based on ribosome profiling aids mass ..... Conserved regulation of cardiac calcium uptake by peptides encoded in small ...Use Cases we should fill · Issue #22 · OmicsDI/specifications · GitHubMar 14, 2017 - Search for proteomic data related to regulation of calcium in blind D. ... Find data of all types on blindness in D. melanogaster across all ...Mechanism of Notch Pathway Activation and Its Role in the Regulation ...Mar 17, 2016 - Data Availability: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files. ... (ii) In the Notch reporter protein, NICD is replaced with LexA-VP16. ... Using calcium imaging, we further showed that Notch in ORNs is required ...... correlates of imaginal conditioning in Drosophila melanogaster.norpA - 1-phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate phosphodiesterase ...Drosophila melanogaster (Fruit fly) ..... positive regulation of cytosolic calcium ion concentration involved in phospholipase C-activating G-protein coupled ...

>T9
OBESE, A NEW MUTATION IN THE HOUSE MOUSE*A—shows normal control, and an obese mouse at 21 days of age. ... 1946. JV stock of Jackson Laboratory mice (Mus musculus) carries genes aa Inln ss zva-lzva-1 w. ... obese. It is suggested that this gene be desig- nated by the symbol ob.16846 - NCBI5 days ago - Leptin resistance-induced obesity and diabetes accelerates the ..... The effect of ob gene on body weight and white adipose tissue was initiated ...Insights into Obesity and Diabetes at the Intersection of Mouse and ...Jul 15, 2014 - Keywords: diabetes, obesity, mouse genetics, human genetics, complex traits, ... The majority of the inbred strains are derived from Mus musculus (M. m) and .... The Lepob/ob, LepRdb/db and Ay/a mice are the three most ...Lepr leptin receptor [ (house mouse)] - NCBIGene ID: 16847, updated on 15-May-2017. Summary. Other designations. leptin receptor, B219, LEP-R, OB receptor, leptin receptor gene-related protein ... Obese diabetic mice lacking leptin receptor (db/db) are deficient in postnatal ..... Cg-m(+/+)Lepr(db)/J (db/db)) , is suppressed by nNOS inhibition, and is modulated by ...ob/ob mouse - WikipediaThe ob/ob or obese mouse is a mutant mouse that eats excessively due to mutations in the gene responsible for the production of leptin and becomes profoundly obese. It is an animal model of type II diabetes. Identification of the gene mutated in ob led to the discovery of the hormone ... Jump up ^ Zhang Y, Proenca R, Maffei M, Barone M, Leopold L, Friedman ...Leptin - WikipediaLeptin the "satiety hormone", is a hormone made by adipose cells that helps to regulate energy .... The Ob(Lep) gene (Ob for obese, Lep for leptin) is located on chromosome 7 in humans. ...... "Leptin receptor expression increases in placenta, but not hypothalamus, during gestation in Mus musculus and Myotis lucifugus".Genetics of Obesity - three fat mice - UCLAccording to the lipostat model of body weight control the fat reserves in the body ... An interspecific test cross was set up between ob mice (Mus musculus) and ...OBESE LOCUS IN m MUSCULUS: A GENE DOSAGE ... - ScienceDirectThe obese gene (2) in Mus musculus was first found in the ... Homozygous ob/ob mice, ... labeled (New England Nuclear, about 5 m curie/m mole), in a side-.Peg1/Mest in obese adipose tissue is expressed from the paternal ...However, gene expression and regulation of imprinted genes in obese adipose tissue ... The ob/ob mice were purchased from Charles River Japan (Tokyo, Japan). ..... C57BL6 (Mus musculus musculus) and JF1 (Mus musculus molossinus).Genetics of Food Intake, Body Weight and Obesity - vivo.colostate.eduThe incentive to understand genetic control over body weight can largely be ... Pairing an obese ob/ob mouse with a normal mouse: the ob/ob mouse lost weight ...

>T10
16846 - NCBI5 days ago - Leptin resistance-induced obesity and diabetes accelerates the ... are involved in the regulation of energy metabolism during fetal growth.Measuring Energy Metabolism in the Mouse–Theoretical, Practical ...Mar 14, 2013 - Keywords: energy metabolism, indirect calorimetry, mouse models, energy balance, obesity, physical activity, basal metabolic rate, energy ...A guide to analysis of mouse energy metabolism - NCBI - NIHDec 28, 2011 - The epidemic of obesity has generated a large interest in understanding the physiological .... Although mice in energy-metabolism studies are normally housed singly, ..... Elia M. Organ and tissue contribution to metabolic rate.Energy metabolism: - Page 53 - Google Books ResultDaily torpor in the laboratory mouse, Mus Physiol. musculus var. albino. Zool. ... for resting metabolic rate variation in female C57Bl/6J mice fed high-fat diets.KEGG GENOME: Mus musculus (mouse)Mus musculus (mouse) ... 00520 Amino sugar and nucleotide sugar metabolism 00620 Pyruvate metabolism 00630 Glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism 00640 Propanoate ... Energy metabolism .... 04975 Fat digestion and absorptionLep - Leptin precursor - Mus musculus (Mouse) - Lep gene & proteinKey player in the regulation of energy balance and body weight control. ... In the periphery, increases basal metabolism, influences reproductive function, regulates ... Defects in Lep are the cause of profound obesity and type II diabetes.The Evolution of Obesity - Page 352 - Google Books ResultEffects of epinephrine on regional free fatty acid and energy metabolism in men and women. ... Effects of concurrent pregnancy and lactation in Mus musculus.Resting metabolic rate and morphology in mice (Mus musculus ...Resting metabolic rate and morphology in mice (Mus musculus) selected for high and ... We investigated the relationship between resting metabolic rate (RMR) and various ... Role of resting metabolic rate and energy expenditure in hunger and ... Photoperiod induced obesity in the Brandt's vole (Lasiopodomys brandtii): a ...International Journal of Obesity - Phenotyping small animals as ...Phenotyping small animals as models for the human metabolic syndrome: ..... Under this condition, mice lacking UCP1 stored more energy as fat even on a standard diet. ..... Daily torpor in the laboratory mouse, Mus musculus var. albino.Energy Metabolism and Ageing in the Mouse: A Mini-Review - FullText ...Jan 25, 2017 - In the wild, mice of the genus Mus musculus were reported to have .... fat over carbohydrate metabolism [37], and increased energy intake and ...

>T11
Huntington disease - Genetics Home ReferenceHuntington disease - Genetics Home ReferenceHTT gene - Genetics Home ReferenceThe inherited mutation that causes Huntington disease is known as a CAG trinucleotide repeat expansion. This mutation increases the size of the CAG segment in the HTT gene. ... The expanded CAG segment leads to the production of an abnormally long version of the huntingtin protein.HTT huntingtin [ (human)] - NCBI4 days ago - HTT gene intermediate alleles (IAs) show 27 to 35 CAG repeats. ... Allele-Specific Reduction of the Mutant Huntingtin Allele Using Transcription Activator-Like Effectors in Human Huntington's Disease Fibroblasts. ... Studies indicate that mutant Huntingtin (HTT) is expressed in both ...Huntington disease - Genetics Home Reference3 days ago - The HTT gene provides instructions for making a protein called huntingtin. Although the function of this protein is unknown, it appears to play an important role in nerve cells (neurons) in the brain. The HTT mutation that causes Huntington disease involves a DNA segment known as a CAG trinucleotide repeat.Huntingtin - WikipediaThe huntingtin gene, also called the HTT or HD (Huntington disease) gene, is the IT15 .... Huntington's disease (HD) is caused by a mutated form of the huntingtin gene, where excessive (more than 36) CAG repeats result in formation of an ..."Normal" huntingtin and Huntington's disease – HOPES Huntington's ...Jul 30, 2011 - The gene that encodes huntingtin is highly conserved among vertebrates, meaning that similar sequences are found in many different animals ...Huntingtin Protein and Protein Aggregation – HOPES Huntington's ...Feb 5, 2011 - Please note that although “Huntington's disease” is spelled with an “o ... The Huntington Gene; What is the function of huntingtin protein? ... which may be causing the bulk of damage due to protein misfolding and aggregation.Huntington's Disease: The Discovery of the Huntingtin Gene - NatureHuntington's Disease: The Discovery of the Huntingtin Gene. By: Heidi ... A polymorphic DNA marker genetically linked to Huntington's disease. Nature 306, 235 ...HTT Gene - GeneCards | HD Protein | HD AntibodyHuntingtin is a disease gene linked to Huntington's disease, a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by loss of striatal neurons. This is thought to be caused ...OMIM Entry - * 613004 - HUNTINGTIN; HTTThe human HTT gene maps to chromosome 4p16.3 (Huntington's Disease Collaborative ... The relative order of the loci on human chromosome 4 and mouse ...We Found the Gene! Huntington's Disease After the CheeringJan 1, 2003 - When the gene is linked to a terrible disease, the excitement and the hope can be intense. ... Huntington identiﬁed the disease as a type of chorea, a nervous .... The discovery of the protein product, dubbed huntingtin, was ...

>T12
Transgenic animal models for study of the pathogenesis of ...Apr 15, 2015 - Keywords: transgenic animal models, Huntington's disease, pathogenesis, therapy ... aggregates in R6/2 mice, which led to the discovery of similar inclusions in the ... blotting of HD KI mouse brain tissue demonstrates the presence of a .... of neuron–neuron and neuron-glia interactions in HD pathogenesis.Expression of the Huntington's disease transgene in neural stem cell ...Expression of the Huntington's disease transgene in neural stem cell cultures from ... resulting in neuronal cell death in discrete brain regions due to an expanded CAG repeat ... The transgenic mouse model R6/2 expresses exon 1 of the human ... Disease/genetics*; Mice; Mice, Inbred CBA; Mice, Transgenic; Nerve Tissue ...The Use of the R6 Transgenic Mouse Models of Huntington's Disease ...Keywords: Huntington's disease, therapy, transgenic mice, R6/2, ... The age of onset of symptoms is inversely related to the number of CAG ...... Implantation of neural tissue from wild-type donors into the brain of transgenic R6 mice has also ...Multiple Phenotypes in Huntington Disease Mouse Neural Stem CellsApr 6, 2012 - Multiple Phenotypes in Huntington Disease Mouse Neural Stem Cells ... Primary cells cultured directly from embryonic brain tissue are an excellent model ... Valuable information related to the normal function of Htt in mammalian ..... NS cells derived from the brains of symptomatic HD transgenic mice that ...Expression of mutant huntingtin in mouse brain astrocytes causes age ...Dec 29, 2009 - Huntington disease (HD) is an inherited neurological disorder caused by a ... Expression of Mutant htt in Astrocytes of Transgenic Mice. We .... a similar morphology in wild-type mouse brain, and NeuN- ... from wild-type (WT) and GFAP-HD mouse cortex tissues were analyzed using ..... Neuron 33:849 –.Selective striatal neuronal loss in a YAC128 mouse model of ...The natural history of HD-related changes in the YAC128 mice has been ... The discovery of the gene responsible for Huntington's disease (HD) in 1993 ... Transgenic mouse models that expressed (in most cases) a truncated, .... At 9 months of age, YAC128 mice exhibited a decrease of 9% in striatal neuron count, although ...Using human neural stem cells to model neurological disease : Article ...The study of diseased human brain tissue is therefore crucial for .... Although these features might not be directly related to disease pathogenesis, they highlight ..... Mice transgenic for exon 1 of the Huntington's disease gene display reduced ...Experimental therapeutics in transgenic mouse models of Huntington's ...Huntington's disease (HD) is a progressive and fatal neurological disorder. .... The neuropathological features of the two mouse models are similar in that N171-82Q mice show striatal .... the levels of activated caspase 1, caspase 3 and caspase 8 in post-mortem brain tissue of patients with HD. ..... Neuron 40, 25–40 (2003).Mutant Huntingtin in Glial Cells Exacerbates Neurological Symptoms ...Apr 2, 2010 - Because glia-neuron interactions are critical for maintaining the ... We generated transgenic mice that express mutant htt with 98Q in astrocytes. ... Huntington disease (HD) is an inherited neurological disorder .... showed detectable expression of mutant htt in the brain tissues (Fig. ...... + Related Content.Protein Misfolding Detected Early in Pathogenesis of Transgenic ...Mar 23, 2012 - Background: Huntington disease is associated with protein misfolding. ... Alzheimer and prion disease brain tissues did not do so, ... Several transgenic mouse models have been developed to emulate the ..... higher concentrations, potentially due to remaining impurities in the samples. ..... J. Neural Transm.

>T13
The Parkinson Disease gene SNCA: Evolutionary and structural ...The Parkinson Disease gene SNCA: Evolutionary and structural ...SNCA gene - Genetics Home ReferenceThe extra copies of the SNCA gene lead to an excess of alpha-synuclein. It is unclear how alterations in the SNCA gene cause Parkinson disease. ... Misfolded alpha-synuclein is also a major component of Lewy bodies, which are abnormal deposits that appear in certain neurons in the brain in people with Parkinson disease.Genetics of Parkinson's Disease - NCBI - NIHFifteen years of genetic research in Parkinson's disease (PD) have led to the ... six genes unequivocally linked to heritable, monogenic PD, mutations in SNCA ...Mutations in PRKN and SNCA Genes Important for the Progress of ...The first reports describing the case of the Sicilian Contrusi family with familial Parkinson Disease (FPD) caused by A53T mutations in the SNCA gene have showed a faster progression and early onset of the disease.α-Synuclein in Parkinson's Disease - NCBI - NIHThe first link of Parkinson's disease (PD) to α-synuclein was also the first ... The conclusion from these genetic studies is that SNCA is linked to both rare familial ...The Parkinson Disease gene SNCA: Evolutionary and structural ...Apr 15, 2016 - The Parkinson Disease gene SNCA: Evolutionary and structural insights with ... Due to the significant role of SNCA in FPD and other ...Causes of Parkinson's disease - WikipediaJump to Genetic factors - Parkinson's disease (PD) is a degenerative disorder of the central nervous ... they account for only a small minority of cases of PD. The most extensively studied PD-related genes are SNCA and LRRK2.Alpha-synuclein - WikipediaAlpha-synuclein is a protein that is abundant in the human brain. Smaller amounts are found in ... In melanocytic cells, SNCA protein expression may be regulated by MITF. .... In rare cases of familial forms of Parkinson's disease, there is a mutation in the gene coding for .... Effect of Parkinson's disease-linked mutations".SNCA Gene - GeneCards | SYUA Protein | SYUA AntibodySNCA (Synuclein Alpha) is a Protein Coding gene. Diseases associated with SNCA include Dementia, Lewy Body and Parkinson Disease 1. Among its related ...OMIM Entry - * 163890 - SYNUCLEIN, ALPHA; SNCASNCA Parkinson's disease Mutation Database ..... biochemical reaction between the 2 Parkinson disease-linked gene products and suggested that this reaction ...Parkinson's disease: from monogenic forms to genetic susceptibility ...Apr 15, 2009 - Research in Parkinson's disease (PD) genetics has been extremely prolific .... SNCA, unequivocally associated with familial parkinsonism (5), ...

>T14
Pathological changes in dopaminergic nerve cells of the substantia ...Pathological changes in dopaminergic nerve cells of the substantia nigra and olfactory bulb in mice transgenic for truncated human alpha-synuclein(1-120): ...Substantia nigra - WikipediaThe substantia nigra is a basal ganglia structure located in the midbrain that plays an important ... Parkinson's disease is characterized by the death of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta. ..... "Midbrain Dopaminergic Neurons in the Mouse that Contain Calbindin-D28kExhibit Reduced Vulnerability ...Pathological Changes in Dopaminergic Nerve Cells - Journal of ...Apr 12, 2006 - Pathological Changes in Dopaminergic Nerve Cells of the Substantia Nigra and Olfactory Bulb in Mice Transgenic for Truncated Human ...Endogenous alpha-synuclein influences the number of dopaminergic ...Aug 8, 2013 - We show that the presence of endogenous mouse α-synuclein leads to higher number of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra of ...Dopaminergic Neurons in the Substantia Nigra in Normal Aging and ...Cite this paper as: Gupta M., Gupta B.K. (1990) Dopaminergic Neurons in the Substantia Nigra in Normal Aging and MPTP-Lesioned Mice. In: Goldstein A.L. ...Atypical Parkinsonian Disorders: Clinical and Research AspectsThe genetic models in worm, fly, and mouse are based on the transgenic expression of human ... -synuclein in nerve cells have been described. ... intraneuronal inclusions in neocortex, hippocampus, olfactory bulb, and substantia nigra.Living with Parkinson's Disease - Page 111 - Google Books ResultOne group of mice was treated with GDNF while nerve cells were ... The number of substantia nigra nerve cells destroyed was considerably lower in the group ...Handbook of the Neuroscience of AgingOligomeric a-synuclein may be toxic to nerve cells. ... Mice expressing wild-type and mutant human a-synuclein in nerve cells or glial cells have been ... PD was the absence of significant pathology in dopaminergic cells of the substantia nigra.New Scientist - Feb 2, 1984 - Page 21 - Google Books ResultThe team injected suspensions of dissociated cells from the substantia nigra of ... where hpg mice implants of hypothalamic cells from normal mouse fetuses.Lipopolysaccharide Animal Models for Parkinson's Disease - HindawiFeb 28, 2011 - Primary cell cultures from mesencephalic tissue were exposed to LPS ... the loss of dopamine-containing neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta. .... Using the intraperitoneal injection of LPS in mice, Qin et al. reported ...

>T15
Genetic basis of myasthenia gravis - a comprehensive review. - NCBIDec 19, 2013 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a rare autoimmune disease ... The estimated number of MG patients is steadily increasing, and it had more than ... Both regulatory T-cell (Treg) differentiation and NF-κB signaling pathway have been ...Expression profile of long noncoding RNAs and mRNAs in peripheral ...Sep 13, 2016 - For the epigenetic characterization of myasthenia gravis (MG), we determined whether ... Compared with healthy control subjects, the MG patients had 1561 ... signaling pathway, NF-kappaB signaling pathway, cell adhesion ...B-Cell-Activating Factor and Autoimmune Myasthenia GravisNov 28, 2011 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a relatively uncommon disease, with an estimated incidence of ... MG patients clearly have AChR-specific B cells in the circulation. .... The Notch signaling pathway regulates cell fate during lymphocyte .... Activation of the NF-κB transcription factor normally proceeds either through ...Journal of Autoimmunity | Vol 52, Pgs 1-154, (August 2014 ...Myasthenia Gravis: Paradox versus paradigm in autoimmunity. Review Article; Pages ... Both Treg cells and Tconv cells are impaired in MG patients. .... Several genes converging on NF-κB signaling pathway are associated with MG. Entitled to ...B-Cell-Activating Factor and Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis - HindawiOct 8, 2011 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a relatively uncommon disease, with an estimated ... MG patients clearly have AChR-specific B cells in the circulation. ... One such signal is B-cell-activating factor (BAFF); its role in .... (NF-κB essential modulator), or through the alternate pathway which is NEMO independent [143].Genetics of Myasthenia Gravis: A Case-Control Association Study in ...Aug 16, 2012 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is an heterogeneous autoimmune disease characterized by ... The main autoantigen, in 80–90% of MG patients, is the muscle ... The inhibitory effect of TNFAIP3 on NF-κB signaling is generated from the ... an essential adaptor protein of the TNF-induced signaling pathway, and the ...Detecting Key Genes Regulated by miRNAs in Dysfunctional ...Dec 10, 2014 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a neuromuscular autoimmune disorder ... set of miRNAs were reduced in MG patients, and some were differentially ... For instance, several members of the nuclear factor- (NF-) κB signaling pathway ...Genes and Immunity - A CD40 Kozak sequence polymorphism and ...Mar 8, 2007 - Analysis of 81 MG patients found no association of the SNP with disease. ... including experimental models of autoimmune myasthenia gravis (MG) and GD. ...... induction of the noncanonical NF-kappaB signaling pathway.Myasthenia Gravis MG - Academia.eduThe estimated number of Accepted 2 December 2013 MG patients is steadily increasing, ... Both regulatory T-cell (Treg) differentiation and NF-kB signaling pathway have ... While the cause for AChR Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a relatively rare ...VAV1 and BAFF, via NFκB pathway, are genetic risk factors for ...Apr 11, 2014 - Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a relatively rare heterogeneous ... [2] Patients with early-onset MG (EOMG; disease onset before age 50) form a ..... several genes converging on the proinflammatory NF-κB signaling pathway.
